hi I'm Riley I'm just a normal kid who's
you know trying to learn in school
well mostly normal I have a little
problem paying attention in class I just
assumed everybody did so when I'm trying
to stay focused I drift off into my own
little world which I'll show you that
cool place later well I've got some BFFs
there's Jordan and she's always trying
to look out for me gotta love her for
that she's got the toughest job in the
world which is you know keeping me on
track that's what I call it brim then
there's sweet Jalen's she gets me and
there's Jenna he just watches me for her
own entertainment I think I think your
best friend's going to be late again
okay so let me tell you about Maddy wow
that guy just lives to get me in trouble
I don't even know why and her and that
ashley's are forced to be reckoned with
I guess they have nothing better to do
than make people miserable you know that
type right so when I daydream I go to
this awesome place in my head where my
friends teach me all kinds of cool
things
sometimes it's lesson in school and
sometimes it's like life lessons you
know there's Brum who's super smart not
even kidding
oh there's Lim who always cheers me up
Bell is just plain fun Sanjay who knows
everything is kind of like my memory sim
it teaches me to take the high road Matt
chef
not really sure what I learned from him
but he makes some awesome food together
they helped me learn I got a ring so how
about you come and join me in my little
world because you know you might just
learn something too